My old friend fucked my girlfriend, I should’ve shot him
Pray to God about him, man, I hit the Lotto
Yeah, my bitch got badder, shit, my ass got badder
And I forgave them bitches, so now it’s off to millions
I been fucking sinning, hit the forehead
Chest, left, right, I’m grinning, asses on the ceiling
And I got mirror feelings, for all you lil' demons
Yeah, you see the chain, 'fore all y'all changed on me
Rearranged on me, suck a dick about it
I hope you get offended, and this ain’t clean shit
This is pissing off the yacht with my bitch on me
Wearin' mink on me, sippin' Cris’ on ya
Bet ya life on it, I came to fight for it
Came in, raided all y'all pockets
And your bitch came in and rubbed up on me
I’m burning rubber, I pulled up on ya

I’m burning rubber, I pulled up on ya

Rock the boat like a one-eyed pirate
Rick James, I get glitter on my eyelids
2 A.M., 85 on the highway
Whole world get a little misguided
Where the spotlight? Put me in the spotlight
Trust no one that put you in the wrong light
High scream when I hit her with the long pipe
Mmm, ice cream when I hit her with the sweet thang
Do my thing, no, I do not do speaking
Get my shot, point it out like Ruth, man
I'ma win a bitch and I got a mood swing
I'm the realest, bitch, now I got a mood swing
I got bipolar confidence
Wake up like "shit" then I feel like the shit
So I guess I'm the shit
Yeah, guess I'm the shit

Lowkey I'm a heartthrob and I ain't drop an album yet
I'm something like a poster, sitting on your girl's wall
And something about my face make her take her clothes off
Y'all say y'all got bitches but y'all bitches make my dick soft
Why y'all always mad 'cause I'm feeling myself?
What the fuck you mean, I can't feel myself?
Old girl suburban but now I'm on to new things
Ego like celebrity but real like a dope fiend
Tanning out in Hollywood, got Chantel's on my coattails
From motels to hotels, I'm good, bitch, I'm good
From hotels to motels, I'm good, bitch, I'm good
From hotels to motels, I'm good, bitch, I'm good

Tuggin' on my pinky ring, smelling like chrysanthemum
I just want that, I just want that bump, bump in my trunk
Blowing skunk, getting crunk with my baby, oh, what's up?
Bump, bump in my trunk, bump, bump in my trunk

Bump, bump in my trunk, bump, bump, bump, bump
Bump, bump in my trunk, bump, bump in my trunk
Bump, bump in my trunk, bump, bump, bump, bump
Bump, bump in my trunk, bump, bump in my trunk

Dropping all I got on this one day
I just wanna be somebody someday
Dropping all I got on this one way
I just wanna be somebody someday
Dropping all I got on this one day
I just wanna be somebody someday
Dropping all I got on this one way
I just wanna be somebody someday
What's your motive with me, baby?
'Cause I don't trust nobody lately
I twist and turn, moving just like a serpent
New times are coming just like a virgin
Get you all outta my head, 'cause lately I'm better off dead
I say this all out of respect, sometimes, I want nothing with you
Wearing your love like medallions
'Cause I know thousand men want ya, wants the menages
Fucking, riding shotgun, slap your buns
Melting, fading, under stars and the sun
85, 90, gon' bust out the gun
Know they sent me from the neck of the woods
Change my name, state so they never could

Fuck, put ya ante up, riding in the limousine
I'm stuck on some bud I hit, under concrete canopy
Fuck all this energy, you just wanna bring me down
Fuck all your energy, you just wanna bring me down
Fuck, put the windows up, blowin' past the exit now
Up like a money shot, swerve into the sunset
Me and all my boys jet, swerving like a doughnut
Off, off, off, off, swerving like a doughnut

Skinny boy, skinny boy, where your muscles at?
Used to walk to work, eight hours, take the bus back
Ain't no time to stop, ain't no time for vacation
Y'all all want my spot 'cause you know that I am A1
All these pretty girls, they come running to our faces
I could do without, I could move without, I could do myself
I get in a rut, I feel depressed, I bang on my chest
I say fuck 'em all 'til I'm dead

Don't go runnin' your mouth
Don't go runnin' your mouth (Watch your lip, baby)
Don't go runnin' your mouth
Don't go runnin' your mouth (W-w-watch your lip, baby)
Don't go runnin' your mouth
Don't go runnin' your mouth (watch your lip, baby)
Don't go runnin' your mouth
Don't go runnin' your mouth (W-w-watch your lip, baby)

Don't go runnin' your mouth
Don't go runnin' your mouth (Watch your lip, baby)
Don't go runnin' your mouth
Don't go runnin' your mouth (W-w-watch your lip, baby)
Don't go runnin' your mouth
Don't go runnin' your mouth (Watch your lip, baby)
Don't go runnin' your mouth
Don't go runnin' your mouth (W-w-watch your lip, baby)
Just shaved down to the baby face
Clothes on me, guess it's Holiday
Fried, no sides at the restaurant
My sleep schedule like the power here, it's never on
Feeling like the past year a whole escapade (uh-oh)
Four cars, need a motherfucking Escalade
Pack it up like a clown car (honk, honk)
Bet you know my name from here to Hong Kong, bet I get along
Make some commas, karma, watch 'em sing along
Ayy, err, err, butter knife like dancing on a knuckle
In the thunder car, rocked up in the Lumma
Incidental, I be better by the summer
I be better by the winter, I be hoppin' in the rental
Maybe Tesla for all my missus sitting in the Volvo
Damn, shoot 'em down like, hmmm, sorry, do it all here

They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?

Why you look like that? (He looks crazy as fuck)
He look crazy as hell
But he dress well (oh my God)
Why his face look puff?
Why he look like that? (You look like a)
Why your hair like that? (Like a chipmunk or something)
Why your teeth like that? (Or like a prairie dog)
Why your cheeks like that?

I got this shitty moustache, and a new haircut
Short but tall enough to ride every ride so it's fair enough
Teeth crooked but my breath fresh just like the evergreens
My attitude is bit like, a psys- fuck!
You mean a psychopath
I bet the marble feel good on your bare foot
I'm in the backyard hiding out like I'm Bigfoot
And I won't cater to you
Yeah I am not Carrabba's, and I ain't taking orders
Here for the loot, and to inspire some of you
To do what you do despite all the "fuck you's"
'Cause they shit on your shit, stab you right in the back
'Til you're shittin' on the toilet with Grammys in your lap

My mom's no alcoholic, she just wanna drown her sorrows
Love her to death and soon enough I'll give back all I borrowed

I took some steps to be a bigger person
I should've thrown ya off the highway to cars swerving

[Verse 4: Matt Champion]
Ain't no burden, ain't no sermon, ain't no motherfuckin' plaque
I hate these hospitals and police and the smell of death, all that
I hate these shady folk, that want a lady like
But don't treat lady right, but they be sayin' like ("Just the tip!")
And yeah you mad 'cause she ain't fuck, mad 'cause she ain't suck
Beat your ass before you got time to say "Why not?"
Here to catch ya slip up, wish you could just rewind
Timing all fucked up, thought you had just lucked up
Where the respect? Is your ass human?
I look you in your eyes, say, "Fuck you, are you fuckin' stupid?"
Respect my mother, 'spect my sister, 'spect these women, boy
I get my 9-9, I don't own one, hit the store to blow your brains off
Better hope my aim off, better hope the range off
Better hope my tame off before I blow your brains off, boy

Stripped down to my skin and my bones
I love huskies but I feel like a wolf (Howl!)
In a pack but I feel all alone
I'm scatterbrained man, better offer the Clon'
In Tejas apartments with racists doin' weird shit
Like, this'll make the biopic (Haha!)
Rile 'em up, hit Zaxby's, get the wing and tings (Yum!)
Real quick bills still stacking to the ceiling (Uh-oh...)
Whatchu mean, it ain't working? (What?)
Whatchu mean, you ain't finding yourself? (Oh, I am, I'm trying)
Whatchu mean, you ain't got no cash? (I got a little bit...)
Whatchu mean? Whatchu mean?
Shouldn't your pockets be big just like a fat chick? (Uh-huh!)
Shouldn't your mama be done paying the house off? (I guess?)
Shouldn't you have a real big-ass ego? (No?)
Shouldn't these girls be flockin' just like seagulls? (Eh...)

Who got me riled up?
Who the lame ass bitch wanna talk 'bout us?
Ooh, who got me riled up?
Who the lame ass bitch wanna talk 'bout us?
Ooh, come get it from me, uh
Come get it from me, uh
Come get it from me, uh, uh, uh
Come get it from me
Lucky days, I'm burnin' the four-sil
Your boy is dusty like brush up a fossil
Hear that shit urk like the noise of a possum
Bitch, I'm a king, I was born in the castle
Built like a boxer, I'm ready to tussle
Fuck on my baby, I'm ready to bust one
Come fuck with me and my dogs
Hate on my ass like in-laws, uh
That boy stay light like a cheerleader, um
She want me filled like a two litre, um
Eat it all day, watch it ricochet off
Then I skrrt off on that Michelin, aw
They don't got nothing on me 'til I pop
They don't got nothing on me, call the cops
I hit that run like a Heisman boy, run it back
Look at that boy, hit that running back

I would keep this shit pent up if it weren't for my mom
If it weren't for Dijon, yeah, I don't like to lie
Guess it sounds out the month
Should've opened up my mouth more, show 'em what my fist for
Let 'em get a fistful, caught up in the lust, man
Bred from the legs of straight killers on best end
Black eyes, bloody sheets, damn, where yo' feet stand?
We should get a new plan, maybe some more fans


Stuck 'round dip spittin' assholes, make they mamas bashful
Got holes in my pockets so my shoes full of cash though
Cigar, Fidel Castro, car full of Castrol

Carnival, my heart like a Supreme Phantom
Going hundred speed, blowin' steam, I throw a tantrum
Judging by my face, my eyes slit like a python
I think she might hate me for a lifetime, ay, ay
Daddy cracking red drum, blueprint for the pipeline
Going out the weather, leave my name, I'm goin' offline
I just want my shit to fit, tailored just like Tiffany
Oh, they say I'm perfect, on my back, oh, man, they killing me

Phone ringin', never outgoin', homebody
Never outgoin', put my doubts on when these walls up
Tearing at the black tie, finish addin' notches to my belt loop
They say help you, I can't help you
Why I can't speak out? Is wideout, wideout
Keep it deep inside my mind, it's off-kilter, off-kilter
I turn memory to fantasy, for that better pleasure, fuck
Time machine gonna make it better, maybe better for ya
I can't make this up, I can't take it back
Feel like a monster, feel like a deadhead zombie
Feelings you don't want me, I ain't givin' up, you should set it off
Tell me “Time's up,” let the water run, let my body run

I just wanna know, know (I just wanna know where the party at)
I just wanna know, know (24/7 thinkin' 'bout you)
I just wanna know, know (I just wanna know when we leavin', boo)
I just wanna know, know (24/7 thinkin' 'bout you)
I just wanna know, know (I just wanna know where the party at)
I just wanna know, know (24/7 thinkin' 'bout you)
I just wanna know, know (I just wanna know when we leavin', boo)
I just wanna know, know (24/7 thinkin' 'bout you)

I see you peekin’ through bushes
And tryna get secret ingredients from us
I know that you do it 'cause you see us boomin'
Like C4 when you hit that detonator
Lucky-lucky on the elevator
Eat my dust, baby, I’ll see ya later
I could always call your bluff
You already said enough
Take a risk, bitch
Still sittin' on your ass, waitin' for a handout
Giving nothin', put your hands down
"Ooh, yeah, this for the culture!"
"Ooh, yeah, this important!"
Fuck off with that slang shit
Fuck off with that networking
Keep ya mouth where the money at

Throw me in the fire, baby, I'll survive
Coming top down by the seaside
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah
See the road sign on the 45
Only you and me by the borderline (ooo)
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah (ooo-ooo)
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah, let it go

And I will show you off for everything I own
I know it's not what you're used to
See they could tear me down, take everything I made
I'll still be here next to you

Throw me in the fire, baby, I'll survive
Coming top down by the seaside
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah
See the wrong side of the 45
Only you and me by the borderline (ooo)
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah (ooo-ooo)
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah, let it go

Now them boys hooked on heroin
Parents always asking like, "Where y'all get it from?"
Rehab poppin' like when Amy had the single out
Single out the reasons how I quit before I fell down
I used to pick Ameer up
Talk about what's got us fucked up
We vent 'til the sun up, ay
Hopefully get our funds up, ay
And if I didn't know y'all
Maybe I would have a desk job
Ticking 'til I off myself...

Used to drive around for some hours (Oh-oh)
Used to get paid by the hour (Oh-oh)
Now I'm just pickin up my check (Oh-oh)
Now I'm just pickin up a sweat (Yeah)
Used to drive around for some hours (Oh-oh)
Circle round the block for some hours (Oh-oh)
Now I'm just pickin up my check (Oh-oh)
Now I'm just pickin up a sweat (Yeah)


I hope this holy water burn me 'cause I ain't worth this life
I ain't worth the light of day, but for some I light the way
Nude along the banister, kitchen smell of lavender
Swimming in my Wranglers, I am another caliber
