Pull to your house and dump like the trash man
All up in your grill, but I'm not a fan
Merlyn, I do no hat trick, just show me where the cash at
Then show me where the hash at, fuck that
Show me where the cash at
(There's not a soul in here)
I would rather be on acid, rather make investments
They'll come out of that debt, we'll come out of those bedsheets
I'm like the IRS, pull up to your address
I was trying my best to seizure, but pull it like Keisha
(There's not a soul in here)
Johnny Dang gon' ice my diamonds, up out that freezer
I used to be broke, I don't got amnesia
I used to deal with both, now it's black victims
She know not to call collect if she go to prison
(There's not a soul in here)
Pull to your window and drizzle with that pitter-pat (Ba-dam!)
G-P to S and figure where you niggas at (Show out)
"Where the cash at?" Used to ask that (Ayy, clip, ho out, throw down, ho out, know 'bout, throw down, hold out)
"Where the cash at?" Used to ask that
(There's not a soul in here—)
Pull to your window and drizzle with that pitter-pat (Ba-dam!)
G-P to S and figure where you niggas at (Show out)
"Where the cash at?" Used to ask that
(Ayy, clip, ho out, throw down, ho out)
(Now 'bout, throw down, hold out)
"Where the cash at?" Used to ask that

Pull to your window and drizzle with that pitter-pat (Ba-dam!)
G-P to S and figure where you niggas at? (Show out)
"Where the cash at?" Used to ask that (Ayy, clip, ho out, throw down, ho out, know 'bout, throw down, hold out)
"Where the cash at?" Used to ask that
(There's not a soul in here—)
Pull to your window and drizzle with that pitter-pat (Ba-dam!)
G-P to S and figure, where you niggas at (Show out)
"Where the cash at?" Used to ask that (Ayy, clip, ho out)
"Where the cash at?" Used to ask that
Ayy, I'ma just bounce with that
In fact, I bought a whole damn house with that
Ayy, hand me where the ounces at
Tell me where the damn these ounces at
Ayy, tell me where the ounces at
Tell me where the ounces, ounces at
Ayy, tell me where the ounces at
Tell me where the ounces, ounces at
I be in my bag (excuse we?)
Goin' in (let we pass—)
Guess who isn't built for this, man?
Me and my thugs built for this, man
We goin' for the gifts and the grams
I be in my bag (excuse we?)
Goin' in (let we pass—)
Smokin' all the grams in this bag
Man, you isn't built for this, man
Run it like the gingerbread man

I could've been homeless
I thought I moved to orphanage for the summer
I could've been homeless
Before I had a goal, I had a course

Fuck that shit, stay hydrated nigga
I'ma lick that bitch, go home, kiss my momma, wassup?
Wassup?
Black power fist hangin' from my black 'fro
Yo, she saw me in that cereal, she want to lick a Oreo, damn
Break the dam when I spit the flow
I'm on the lamb like the fuckin' wool
Hoppin' out the van, I'm at Abbey Road
Fans with cameras in the bathroom, man that's difficult
I just wanna smoke a Backwoods by my lonely self
Chill, watch numbers go up, book off the shelf
I found myself and put my face on a missing shirt
I dropped out with no promise that this shit would
(That this shit would work, work, work
Work, work, work, work)
(Work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work)

What's costin' your time? What's the reason that you whine?
What's in your wallet? Dead whites in mine
So sour, in this light of lime
Daddy said "Study or get that cash"
Mommy said "Your career ain't gon' last"
Loose change, call a cab, move out their pad
I just need a chance to move past my past
Don't think too fast, private jets still crash
And I'll still fly coach, and I'll still hit a roach
And I'll still see roaches at the crib where my folks at
Touch your dreams 'fore you touch me and provoke a man
(Somebody's gonna have to tell the truth and I'm gonna tell it!)
Stay rough, get buff, get out, hey, boy
Stay rough, get buff, get out
The monsters swarm 'round with them toys
The monsters swarm 'round with them toys
Hey, boy, stay rough, get buff, get out
Hey, boy, stay rough, get buff, get out
The monsters swarm 'round with them toys
The monsters swarm 'round with them toys

It's the best years of our lives, motherfucker
You are now about to experience
These are the best years of our lives
I feel you

Hoo! Voodoo Man
Momma took me to the church and I sang a hymn
Co-colonized Chris-ti-an
Now I'm losing my reli-gi-on
God damn, so narcissistic this millennium
Fuck you and the bubble that you livin' in
I don't go to church, but I'm so spiritual
Pulled my life out of dirt, that's a miracle
If Jesus was a pop star, would he break the bank?
All these diamonds in my face, I'm shining like the day
I'm living in my prime, man, what can I say?
If the service is an hour, I'm an hour late
No one help me when my eyes go red
No one help me when my eyes go red
No one help me when my eyes go red
No one help me when my eyes go red

Do I matter? I'm ecstatic, I'm depressed
More like God's special mess, never had no halo
Trippy, I can barely hike it out of bed
Time bomb under it, persuading you to hop in
Mmm, options, runnin' out of options
Mmm, options, used to have options
Mmm, options, runnin' out of options
Mmm, options, used to have options
My bitch, she so pretty, pretty (Mmh)
I get cash like really, really
Tell the DJ, man, he ain't slick
'Cause he ain't playin' hits, he silly, silly (Mmh)
oh, ooh, beautiful and bashful
Ooh (Mmm)

Like I'm Dennis Rodman
Diamond dentures for my partna 'dem (That's right)
Golden rubbers from my pocket, friend
Ain't no answer, that's my partna 'dem (That's right)
She so bad, I let her touch my butt (Yeah)
Merlyn, what the fuck?

Piss 'em off, piss 'em off, piss 'em off
Shit, I better set it off
I just made a deposit, CDG in my closets
Fuel ain't really made of fossils
Dirt on me, I'm finna blossom
Spying on your ho from a SpaceX rocket
She wanna know why my wrist so rocky
Flash splash on me, photocopy
My weed, my weed at the party
Shoot me a sheriff for Trayvon Martin
King, Ali, and Bobby Marley
Dirt on me, I'm finna blossom
Dirt on me, I'm finna blossom
You know


Murder man, murder man
Someone better hold me before this shit gets ugly
Murder man, murder man
Someone better–
Murder man, murder man
Someone better–
Murder man, man
Someone hold me b–, b–, shit gets ug–
Murder man, murder man
Someone better hold me before this shit gets ugly


If you want a feature, we can figure it out
Want a color for your album? We can figure it out
How you not invite the boys who colored your rollout
Then you copy-paste hard work from the BH house?
I always got somethin' to say when you take food from my mouth
I begged my mommy for money until the day it ran out
They say, "We helped you when and when, now you should figure it out"
Figure it out
